hi it's another beautiful day in Hawai'i
nei want to talk about Italian tomato
sauce today you know the stuff you get
in the store that comes in the jar full
of high fructose corn syrup and it
really doesn't taste all that great you
can do better than that I'm going to
show you how to make your own Italian
tomato sauce from scratch and I think
you're always going to want to keep this
on hand because it's great stuff here's
the sauce and here's what you can do
with it first you need a big can of
Italian plum tomatoes please don't try
this with American stewed or canned
American tomatoes the flavor and texture
not the same chopped up to big onions
and start cooking the onions over
medium-high heat in extra virgin olive
oil grated carrot this will sweeten the
sauce naturally without sugar alright we
add the carrot and the carrot and onions
are cooking nicely so we chopped up
three big cloves of garlic now the
onions the carrot and the garlic are
cooking a few more minutes in the olive
oil we season that with some salt and
pepper add the wonderful Italian
Tomatoes in they go I mash them up a bit
with a potato masher Italians will crush
them with their fingers use fresh thyme
alright we chop up the time and here it
goes into the bubbling sauce and now we
let this simmer for about 30 minutes to
an hour I make this sauce at least once
a month probably every three weeks and I
keep some in a jar and I keep some in
the freezer if you want to see a
delicious way to use this sauce watch
the segment where we made mushroom
spaghetti with milani I think once you
try this basic Italian tomato sauce
you're going to want to always have some
on hand by the way some people think I
might be shooting this in front of a
green screen I want to show you
something because I'm really here in
Hawaii you can't do this at a green
screen i'll go throw something in that
pool of water watch
okay see this
splash yes
we're really here in Hawaii